Add documentation for long Pod startup and CreateContainerErrors (#108)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/long-pod-startup.adoc.adoc

> = CreateContainerError - Long Pod Startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Fix Long Pod Startup Time (CreateContainerError)
```

> This page will describe how to mitigate a very long pod startup time and `CreateContainerError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes how you can mitigate very long pod startup times and `CreateContainerError` for pods which mount RWX PVCs with a large amount of files.
```

== Explanation

> When a Pod has a volume with many files attached, the Pod startup time can be very long.
> 
> This is caused by SELinux relabeling all the files in the volume. Depending on the number of files, the relabeling can take a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Pod mounts a volume which contains many files, the Pod startup time can be very long.
This is caused because the container runtime updates the SELinux labels of all the files in the volume on pod startup.
Depending on the number of files, the relabeling can take a long time.
```

> Even though the Pod status is `CreateContainerError`, the relabeling is still in progress. After the relabeling is done, the Pod status will be `Running`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After some time, the Pod goes into status  `CreateContainerError` when the relabeling takes too long.
When the container is created again, the container runtime continues relabeling files where it left off.
Depending on the amount of files, multiple container restarts are required before the relabeling is done.
Once the relabeling is complete, the Pod will go into status `Running`.
```

== Implementation

This section explains the steps required to mitigate the long pod startup time and `CreateContainerError`.

> === 1. Login to {product}

Reviewer: IMO the subsection numbering is not really needed

```suggestion
=== Login to {product}
```

include::partial$login-in-terminal.adoc[]

. Switch to the correct project.
+
[source,shell]
--
oc project [YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]
--

> === 2. Change the Deployment SecurityContext

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Change the Deployment SecurityContext
```

Set the following `SecurityContext` in the Deployment using `oc edit`:

[source,yaml]
--
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: [YOUR_DEPLOYMENT_NAME]
  namespace: [YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      securityContext:
        seLinuxOptions:
          type: spc_t
...
--

You can also use `oc patch` to change the `securityContext` of the Deployment:

[source,shell]
--
oc patch deployment [YOUR_DEPLOYMENT_NAME] -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"securityContext":{"seLinuxOptions":{"type":"spc_t"}}}}}}'
--

For more information, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.22/#selinuxoptions-v1-core[SELinuxOptions Spec].

> Please note that the Pods will be restarted. You should notice a much faster Pod startup time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
All pods managed through the deployment will be restarted.
However, with the modification in place, you should notice a much faster Pod startup time.
====
```
